hey guys and girls it's Kirsty as usual
with another gameplay commentary and yes
that's commentary because I'm an Aussie
so it's not going to be commentary and
some people have complained recently and
at the end of the day I'm here to be
real and you guys will notice that about
me I'm not gonna put on any fake accents
or any fake voices or tell you guys any
face bullshit I'm just going to be me
and I honestly think that that's the
best way to be because who really wants
to listen to some fake person on YouTube
crapping on about I don't know a random
stuff that they've just made up for the
hell of it so yeah I'll just say that
before I go any further so as you'll see
we're playing today on Kill Confirmed
ground war on the mouth underground I'm
quite a laggy connection you'll notice
that a few of these kills look quite
laggy the entire lobby sitting on two
three bars which normally is really
painful but because the entire lobby was
on two three bars we were all pretty
balanced so I feel a look I'll stick
around and you'll notice I'm using the
Manimal class all warm animal class in
my case which is Jay nasties little
class that any quite loves which is the
ump with extended mags and rapid fire
and I love this gun it's so much fun to
use in fact I love pretty much all of
the SMGs with this combination other
than probably the PP 90 m 1 I really
don't think that needs rapid-fire
honestly that thing's a bit of a be
straight out of the box so those guys I
thought this could be a pretty good
opportunity just to let you guys know
where I've been lately and
it's a little bit of an update with that
because I haven't been posting anywhere
near is what I normally do on YouTube
and I haven't actually been playing as
much as what I normally do either so it
just means that I've got less gameplays
than what I usually do and lately I have
been trying to post some of the better
game plays as opposed to just making a
post every day or two and i'm not sure
if you guys are enjoying that more or
less it is really hard to tell so let me
know in the comments how you feel about
that a more quality gameplay every few
days as opposed to just a more basic mo
lab you know every day or two like i was
posting because at the moment it is a
little bit more difficult to actually
play i don't know if anyone remembers
around easter time my landlord was up in
my roof and decided that being the
douche bag that he is he'll fuck up my
power supply which then blow up my TV
and blow up the hdmi in the PlayStation
I don't know how to explain it I don't
know nothing about electrical stuff so I
don't know maybe some of you Sparky's of
the group can enlighten me so to speak
but anyway it doesn't work which means
that i had to go and play on another TV
which i absolutely hate i used to have
this small sort of monitor but it only
has hdmi so i can't use that anymore so
i'm back on this crappy TV which belongs
to one of my boyfriend's kids and it's
huge I hate it it's irritating to play
on and for some reason with the
component cords the screen decides to
flash black at random times which is
very very frustrating when you play for
high streaks and things like that to say
the least so it doesn't really motivate
me that much to actually want to play as
much as what I was playing so I am
really sorry about that and I am
planning on getting the TV fixed it
would it will then not the summer to the
TV it's more the PlayStation it's more
we need an actual other second
PlayStation
but actually won't hdmi which wouldn't
have been such a problem if we had have
actually bought another car in the last
few weeks my boyfriend actually brought
me another car which I don't know if we
need or not considering we already have
a Subaru RX i think it is that works and
we've got a WRX STI that's sitting in
our driveway in fucking pieces so i'm
not sure that we've really need another
unregistered car sitting in our front
lawn but it is a pretty standard
australian thing you know a lot of
houses have many many not so useful
working cars in their front lawn so
we've just become those people in the
last couple of weeks which isn't really
the greatest look but hopefully this
other car will be on the road soon and
then I'll be able to think about other
things like another PlayStation and
things like that although i think i will
actually be getting another one soon i
convinced my boyfriend to go and get
this mobile phone deal apparently if you
get a cell phone with this certain
company you get a free playstation so i
did have a bit of an ulterior motive
when I was convincing him he needed a
new phone plans but you did need a new
phone plan so I suppose it did work out
and both of our favors so I'm sure when
that does actually arrive i'll be on a
lot more and i'll be more interested in
getting back into this game again and
i'm sure some of you guys feel the same
just about the frustration level in this
game at the moment with some of the ways
that people play in some of this
bullshit and now watch this my stupid
team as usual no one could kill me so I
held on to my mo lab now I finally sent
it in and of course everyone's going to
pick up all the tags I'm flawless watch
this why did it not even show me she's
shooting that guy in the face I swear I
was shooting that guy in the fucking
face I'm gonna have to like look back at
that so I remember being pissed off
without death like oh wait
so I don't know maybe i'm just going
crazy here or something but that'll be
the end of the gameplay guys I'll talk
to you soon with a proper toffee can all
that good stuff